[docs] [ISSUE 11625] Update the intro of Messaging doc (#11667)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/concepts-messaging.md

consumer.negativeAcknowledge(msg);
```

> **Note**  
> If batching is enabled, all messages in one batch are redelivered to the consumer.

### Acknowledgement timeout

> If a message is not consumed successfully, and you want the broker to redeliver this message automatically, then you can adopt the unacknowledged message automatic redelivery mechanism. With this redelivery approach enabled, the client tracks the unacknowledged messages within the entire `acktimeout` time range, and sends a `redeliver unacknowledged messages` request to the broker automatically when the acknowledgement timeout is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a message is not consumed successfully, and you want the broker to redeliver this message automatically, then you can enable automatic redelivery mechanism for  unacknowledged messages. With automatic redelivery enabled, the client tracks the unacknowledged messages within the entire `acktimeout` time range, and sends a `redeliver unacknowledged messages` request to the broker automatically when the acknowledgement timeout is specified.
```
